>> Mike North: Let's all
together go over to our project.
>> Mike North: We're going to,
>> Mike North: Run a command like this,
npm start_first with
an underscore before it.
The underscore just means,
this is not an exercise for
us to do as like a challenge, but this
is just an area for us to play around.
>> Mike North: Is anyone getting
any errors when they do that?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Mike North: Are you getting an error
about the stack type definitions,
something like that?
Or the user account,
an admin not aligning with correct type?
>> Speaker 2: Cannot
find module API keys JS.
>> Mike North: Okay, [NOISE] so
I will check that in, but
I'll give you my API key for now.
So let me just paste that in the chat.
This is just a Google API key.
Let me see if I can show
you how to get one.
>> Mike North: So you're gonna just
search for Google places API key.
This is free by the way,
no credit card required or whatever.
So as long as you're signed
into a Google account,
you should be able to get
an API key at this page here.
I'm gonna share that link in the chat for
everyone else who's doing it remotely.
>> Mike North: So
it's in the chart there, and
you're just gonna basically
go down here to get a key.
And you're going to like
create a new projects,
and we'll say, something like that,
create and enable API.
And it should give you a key here,
after a moment.
>> Mike North: So in your project,
you should see that you've got a file
that's called something
like apikeys.js.default,
that defines the structure of this file.
So just remove the .default,
and paste your key here.
And rest assured that you're not
going to commit your version of
this file with your API key in it,
that will not get committed to GitHub,
or if you just push this somewhere.
So once you do that,
I'll let everyone kinda catch up there.
You should be able to start up.
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE].
>> Mike North: Are you getting error
about the type definition of stack?
>> Mike North: So there were two
things that I did yesterday.
>> Speaker 2: API keys file.
>> Mike North: So
that should be here apikeys.js.default.
>> Mike North: And you basically just
remove this default extension and
put your API key here, so
that it looks like this.
>> Mike North: This is important because
otherwise we would probably get rate
limited on a single key within this class.
>> Mike North: All right, so
do we have a couple of people in
the room that are able to start this up?
>> Speaker 2: Does that need
a variable name to export?
>> Mike North: Just export.default,
so it should look just like this,
except your API key should
be in place instead of mine.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Mike North: By the time you watch
this video, this will be a dead API key,
by the way, so don't even try it.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH] I just have
one test that's 1 plus 2 equals 3.
>> Mike North: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Mike North: Did you do npm start or
npm test?
>> Speaker 2: npm test.
>> Mike North: Okay, try npm start.
>> Mike North: And
then you can go to local host 3,000 and
we should see something.
You should see something
that looks like this.
>> Mike North: That's the current time.
>> Mike North: We were testing Chrome's
frame rate, immediately after resizing.
So once we see this,
just know that this is a React component.
So I'm going to pop this out,
and bring it next to our code,
just so
that we can look at them side by side.
>> Mike North: Anyone else seen this yet?
>> Mike North: All right,
I'm gonna proceed anyway here.
So if we open this first exercise here,
the root of this project is index.tsx,
right?
TSX is like JSX but with TypeScript.
So you can use the same JSX like
things such as this stuff here,
the HTML, looking stuff that it
compiles into function locations.
So just bit by bit,
what we've got here is a root element
which we can find in this index.html file.
There's our root right there.
>> Mike North: And we're gonna render
this thing called an app component into
the root.
This stuff here just has to
do with hot module loading.
So that as we save our files,
as we save our React component,
we should see that things
update automatically.
So if we look at this App component here.
Those of you who have written
a little bit of React before,
would note that this component should
probably not be implemented as a class.
When you have only a render of function,
no reference to anything stateful,
there is an easier way to represent this.
That is through a stateless,
functional component.
Now, you'll see that I've
got two things here, right?
When we deal wth stateful components,
we will figure out what those mean.
But in a case where we have no props,
we need to worry about,
we can actually say,
we want a variable of type SFC.
>> Mike North: And refactor things around,
so it looks like this.
And if we save that,
>> Mike North: Let's make
sure hot module loading works,
it looks like it does.
So effectively what we've done here,
if we look at what the stateless
functional component is.
It takes in a type parameter,
and it's calling that p,
and that's how you remember it's p for
props.
P for props, so
if we had some requirement for props.
Let's say that we're gonna turn
this word time into some variable,
like props thing, naming stuff is hard.
So right away, we're seeing that
we get an error message saying,
sorry, that's not the way this works.
It would be like that,
first stateless functional component,
you get these props as an argument.
So in this situation,
we could define an interface and
we should get undefined here.
What thing is it?
>> Mike North: And
are we getting a complaint?
>> Mike North: Okay,
objects are not valid as a React child.
So what we're seeing
here is a side effect of,
>> Mike North: Not having,
>> Mike North: Yes, there it is.
That was just me being improper here.
We didn't have this
wrapped around our props.
And now we're getting errors that indicate
that we haven't defined a props type
definition, so we could do it this way.
Import, sorry, interface IAppProps,
thing is a string, and
once we say that that is the type that
we're working with,
now our complaint goes away.
So it's saying, this is sort of
the default for React props.
You always can have children, right?
That is just sort of a core
concept of a React component.
That's how we nest list item
React components inside a list.
But in this case, we're saying
thing is something we wish to add.
And so once we pass that in here,
sorry, IAppProps.
Now this is for a game,
and if we go upstream,
if we go a little back to our index file,
we're gonna get a complain here.
This is really cool.
So now it's saying, you're not allowed
to just use this component as is, right?
You have not given it
the information it needs.
You're giving it basically,
an empty object as its properties.
And so now, we have to say,
>> Mike North: Something
like that to quiet it down.
>> Mike North: What's going on here?
[NOISE] Maybe my
distruction is screwed up.
>> Mike North: Nope,
>> Mike North: Intrinsic attributes,
what's happening here?
>> Mike North: Property thing is missing.
You know what?
Maybe I just didn't save this file.
There's the problem.
>> Mike North: So I'm re-rendering
in my hot module loading thing.
So that was the problem,
I had collapsed this and there it was.
So what we have now is some enforcement
around things that you pass a component.
We can do something like that, and
now it's our option,
>> Mike North: To pass in
something or not.
So what hour is it?
We could basically say, now we're free
to leave this out, which is fine.
It's happy with it,
it's happy without it, right?
So in this case,
it's gonna say what time is it?
And then it should be as soon as I save a
file, the hot module load path should run.
So just the fact that I saved this,
should result in this code here
running which is gonna pass in ours.
So we should see this switch over.
>> Mike North: Maybe not.
>> Mike North: Nope,
I think it's re-rendering the whole
thing to the original path.
And you'll hopefully get the idea there,
I'm trying to do crazy backflips here.
So what I do wanna point
out is there's way more
structure around a component
requiring things to be passed to it.
Optional parameters are super useful here.
I do wanna show you one last thing and
that is the spread operator that is
really, really useful when it
comes to React components.
So let's say we have an object
that already has the stuff that
a component is asking for, right?
So it would a situation
where we have something like
this,
>> Mike North: Right?
We've already got that, and let's go
back to this being a required property.
Thing is a required property.
This component needs it in order to work.
And we're seeing right here,
it's giving you some great feedback here.
It's saying, property thing is missing,
that's awesome.
It's telling us just what it needs.
Now, we've got this data here and
if we had multiple properties on it,
yes, we could say this fu = whatever,
bar = whatever,
baz = whatever, data.this, data.that.
We can also do this,
>> Mike North: And basically spread
that data object out satisfying all the
props that this component is asking for.
So that's really cool,
that is something that TypeScript can
uniquely bring to the party here.
JavaScript will soon have this, but
this is one of those features that we were
talking about where TypeScript
has had it for a while.
JavaScript has it under consideration as
a proposed feature to add to the language.
But this is an object and
we're effectively making a function call,
spreading this out as
the things that we're passing
along as key value pairs to
the component in question.